Bump version to 2.0.0b6 (#500)
danielgtaylor/python-betterproto: CHANGELOG.md

- Versions suffixed with `b*` are in `beta` and can be installed with `pip install --pre betterproto`.

## [2.0.0b6] - 2023-06-05

- Added support for @generated marker [#382](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/382)

> - Pull down the include_default_values argument to to_json [#405](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/405)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull down the `include_default_values` argument to `to_json()` [#405](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/405)
```

- Fix typechecker compatiblity checks in server streaming methods [#413](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/413)

> - Enforce serialize_empty for repeated fields [#417](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/417)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix "empty-valued" repeated fields not being serialised [#417](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/417)
```

- Pythonize input_type name in py_input_message [#436](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/436)

> - Drop support for python3.6 [#444](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/444)

Reviewer: This should be made more obvious (see how the previous release did it)

> - Fix CI [#456](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/456)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This isn't worth mentioning in a changelog

> - Add support for pydantic dataclasses [#406](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/406)

Reviewer: This might be worth bringing particular attention to as it's such a requested feature

> - Fix for [#459](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/issues/459) (pydantic code gen only) [#460](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/460)

Reviewer: I don't particularly think this is worth mentioning considering it fixes something that was never publicly released but if you want to leave it in that's fine

> - Widen from_dict methods to accept any Mapping [#451](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/451)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Widen `from_dict()` to accept any `Mapping` [#451](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/451)
```

> - Fix pydantic_dataclasses reference in README [#474](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/474)

Reviewer: Feels very similar to the 2nd most recent comment

> - Fix dict encoding for timezone aware datetimes [#468](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/468)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `dict` encoding for timezone-aware `datetimes` [#468](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/468)
```

> - Replace pkg_resources with importlib [#462](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/462)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `pkg_resources` with `importlib` [#462](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/462)
```

> - Fix pydict serialization for optional fields [#495](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/495)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `to_pydict` serialization for optional fields [#495](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/495)
```

- Versions suffixed with `b*` are in `beta` and can be installed with `pip install --pre betterproto`.

## [2.0.0b6] - 2023-06-25

> - Support generating [Pydantic dataclasses](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/usage/dataclasses/). 
>   Pydantic dataclasses are are drop-in replacement for dataclasses in the standard library that additionally supports validation. Pass `--python_betterproto_opt=pydantic_dataclasses` to enable this feature. Refer to [#406](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/406)
>   and [README.md](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto#generating-pydantic-models) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support generating [Pydantic dataclasses](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/usage/dataclasses). 
  Pydantic dataclasses are are drop-in replacement for dataclasses in the standard library that additionally supports validation.
  Pass `--python_betterproto_opt=pydantic_dataclasses` to enable this feature.
  Refer to [#406](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/406)
  and [README.md](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto#generating-pydantic-models) for more information.
```

- Versions suffixed with `b*` are in `beta` and can be installed with `pip install --pre betterproto`.

> ## [2.0.0b6] - 2023-06-05

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [2.0.0b6] - 2023-06-25
```

> - Pass `--python_betterproto_opt=pydantic_dataclasses` to enable code generation of [Pydantic dataclasses](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/usage/dataclasses/).
>   Pydantic dataclasses are are drop-in replacement for dataclasses in the standard library that additionally supports validation. For example, a `@validator`
>   is generated for oneof fields that validates that exactly one of the fields is set. Refer to [#406](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/406)
>   and [README.md](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto#generating-pydantic-models) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support generating [Pydantic dataclasses](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/usage/dataclasses/). 
  Pydantic dataclasses are are drop-in replacement for dataclasses in the standard library that additionally supports validation. Pass `--python_betterproto_opt=pydantic_dataclasses` to enable this feature. Refer to [#406](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/406)
  and [README.md](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto#generating-pydantic-models) for more information.
```

- **Breaking**: the minimum Python version has been bumped to `3.7` [#444](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/444)
  

> - Added support for @generated marker [#382](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/382)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for `@generated` marker [#382](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/382)
```

- Pull down the `include_default_values` argument to `to_json()` [#405](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/405)
- Pythonize input_type name in py_input_message [#436](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/436)
- Widen `from_dict()` to accept any `Mapping` [#451](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/451)
- Replace `pkg_resources` with `importlib` [#462](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/462)
  
- Fix typechecker compatiblity checks in server streaming methods [#413](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/413)
- Fix "empty-valued" repeated fields not being serialised [#417](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/417)
- Fix `dict` encoding for timezone-aware `datetimes` [#468](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/468)

> - Fix `to_pydict` serialization for optional fields [#495](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/495)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `to_pydict()` serialization for optional fields [#495](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/495)
```

- Versions suffixed with `b*` are in `beta` and can be installed with `pip install --pre betterproto`.

## [2.0.0b6] - 2023-06-25

> - Support generating [Pydantic dataclasses](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/usage/dataclasses). 
>   Pydantic dataclasses are are drop-in replacement for dataclasses in the standard library that additionally supports validation.
>   Pass `--python_betterproto_opt=pydantic_dataclasses` to enable this feature.
>   Refer to [#406](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/406)
>   and [README.md](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto#generating-pydantic-models) for more information.
> 
> - **Breaking**: the minimum Python version has been bumped to `3.7` [#444](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/444)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking**: the minimum Python version has been bumped to `3.7` [#444](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/444)

- Support generating [Pydantic dataclasses](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/usage/dataclasses). 
  Pydantic dataclasses are are drop-in replacement for dataclasses in the standard library that additionally supports validation.
  Pass `--python_betterproto_opt=pydantic_dataclasses` to enable this feature.
  Refer to [#406](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto/pull/406)
  and [README.md](https://github.com/danielgtaylor/python-betterproto#generating-pydantic-models) for more information.
```
